Improve documentation and add warnings re: params-file vs configuration (#3589)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/cli.rst

    $ nextflow run nextflow-io/hello -with-tower

- Invoke the nextflow pipeline execution with a custom parameters ``YAML/JSON`` file.::

  $ nextflow run main.nf -params-file pipeline_params.yml

  For example, the following params file in YAML format::

    alpha: 1
    beta: 'foo'

  Or in JSON format::

    {
      "alpha": 1,
      "beta": "foo"
    }

  Is equivalent to the following command line::

    $ nextflow run main.nf --alpha 1 --beta foo

>   The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles). The values provided via params file overwrites the ones with the same name in the Nextflow configuration file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles). The values provided via params file overwrites the ones with the same name in the Nextflow configuration file.
```

    $ nextflow run nextflow-io/hello -with-tower

- Invoke the nextflow pipeline execution with a custom parameters ``YAML/JSON`` file.

>   The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles) and only the common fields are overwritten by the ``YAML/JSON`` file. ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The parameters which are specified through this mechanism are merged with the resolved configuration (base configuration and profiles). The values provided via params file overwrites the ones with the same name in the Nextflow configuration::
```

Reviewer: Actually I'd put the sentence "The values provided via params file overwrites the ones with the same name in the Nextflow configuration file" in a tip *after* the example
